Feedback:

ER:

1) The general organization of the ER diagram is good. However, there are some important points to consider:
- There can be at most one issue that a story appears.
- An issue can belong to at most one indicia publisher, not the other way. Similarly, an indicia publisher can belong to at most one country, not a country can belong to at most one indicia publishers. In fact, multiple countries can belong to multiple indicia publishers. This problem exists almost all of your "at most" relationships. They are all reversed. Example: publisher - brand group, publisher - indicia publisher, publisher - series.
- There is not relationship between the Character and Story entities. We cannot connect two entities without having a relationship between them. Also, consider creating two relationships among the Story and the Character entities, one for the feature and one for the characters that appear in the story.
- Your decomposition of the story table into script, draws, etc. is good. You can also have a separate table for pencils and editing attributes as they also constitute values for a first-class entitiy. For the to-be-created editing entity, consider using the same entity to connect the Issue entitiy with the editing entity, as the Issue table also has an editing_issue attribute that has the same characteristics of the Story entity's editing attribute.
- For issue_reprinted, you assign a primary key at the relationship. We cannot do that under ER formalism. We can only assign additional attributes to the relationship, but not a primary key. The primary key of a relationship is the composition of the primary key of the participant entries. In this case, it is (issue_id1, issue_id2).
2) Why to have a separate table for story_genre and issue_price? Isn't having an attribute for each enough? In general, you should make an attribute as an entity if (1) there are more than one entry for every value, or (2) the structure of the attribute is actually important. On the other hand, keeping these information as attributes would save you some space. However, also keep in mind that, now you need to join the two tables when you need to access the publication format, binding, etc. information. Either way is correct, just make sure you know the difference.
3) Having a separate table for web-site sounds good.
4) It is great that you write down your assumptions. Please keep doing that.
5) Series file does not have issue_id attribute. Hence, we do not have the information if there is at least one issue that the series belongs to, although it does make sense. We have the information, though, that an issue belongs to at most one series, as you correctly pointed in your ER.
6) Keep the following in mind when having a bold line (with or without an arrow): Make sure the "at least one" constraint indeed holds based on the real data. This would require that there is no null value in the related attribute of the related data file (i.e., the csv file). Otherwise, this constraint can break when you load the data. If the constraint breaks when you load the data, you can simply remove the participation constraint, i.e., make it a not-bold line (with or without arrow).
7) The reprints_to relationships should be M-to-N. Although it is OK to assume the "exactly one" relationship, this constraint can break when you load the data. Keep that in mind while loading the data. If the loading breaks because of this constraint, you can either (1) remove the constraint, or (2) clean the data in such a way that the constraint actually is satisifed. However, option (2) might lead to further inconsistencies in the data. Hence, I recommend using M-to-N relationship for reprints_to relationship.

DDL:

8) For the relationships has_pencils, has_inks, etc., why not have the primary key as the composition of the primary key of the two referred table, e.g., (story_id, artist_id) for the has_inks table. For the same relationships, please take the point raised by item #6 into consideration.

General:

9) It is great to keep track of the work division. Please keep doing that.​